---
title: Global Vercel CLI Configuration
product: vercel
url: /docs/project-configuration/global-configuration
type: reference
prerequisites:
  - /docs/project-configuration
related:
  - /docs/accounts
summary: Learn how to configure Vercel CLI under your system user.
---

# Global Vercel CLI Configuration

Using the following files and configuration options, you can configure [Vercel CLI](/cli) under your system user.

The two global configuration files are: `config.json` and `auth.json`. These files are stored in the `com.vercel.cli` directory inside [`XDG_DATA_HOME`](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html), which defaults to:

- Linux: `~/.local/share/com.vercel.cli`
- macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/com.vercel.cli`
- Windows: `%APPDATA%\Roaming\xdg.data\com.vercel.cli`

> **💡 Note:** These files are automatically generated by Vercel CLI, and shouldn't need to
> be altered.

## config.json

This file is used for global configuration of Vercel deployments. Vercel CLI uses this file as a way to co-ordinate how deployments should be treated, consistently.

The first option is a single `_` that gives a description to the file, if a user should find themselves looking through it without context.

You can use the following options to configure all Vercel deployments on your system's user profile:

### currentTeam

**Type**: `String`.

**Valid values**: A [team ID](/docs/accounts#find-your-team-id).

This option tells [Vercel CLI](/cli) which context is currently active. If this property exists and contains a team ID, that team is used as the scope for deployments, otherwise if this property does not exist, the user's Hobby team is used.

```json filename="config.json"
{
  "currentTeam": "team_ofwUZockJlL53hINUGCc1ONW"
}
```

### collectMetrics

**Type**: `Boolean`.

**Valid values**: `true` (default), `false`.

This option defines whether [Vercel CLI](/cli) should collect anonymous metrics about which commands are invoked the most, how long they take to run, and which errors customers are running into.

```json filename="config.json"
{
  "collectMetrics": true
}
```

## auth.json

This file should not be edited manually. It exists to contain the authentication information for the Vercel clients.

In the case that you are uploading your global configuration setup to a potentially insecure destination, we highly recommend ensuring that this file will not be uploaded, as it allows an attacker to gain access to your provider accounts.


---

[View full sitemap](/docs/sitemap)
